---
title: test
publish: "false"
tags:
  - Journal
---
> [!tip] Current Mood
> *What am I supposed to do, when the best part of me was always you?*

In Santa Cruz, in my friend group back home - save for a select few circles, I'm the guy with a girlfriend. That ole dude in the cutesy pie relationship: "Oh he's doing long-distance? Damn but he makes it work! What a cute couple". The perfect exception that proves the rule, that long-distance never works. My closest friend here thinks of friendship as a collective between me and her. A unit, inseparable except by 881 miles. I think of Feel Good Friday my senior year after *The Addams Family*, what did people say? "You're so good for Ella" "You make Ella so happy" "She's in a much better place now". They all told me how much they loved her, and me by some perverse proxy. 

It's tech week for yet another show and I don't know why I'm surprised. I'm not surprised. She'll text me in the morning and respond with one line texts, and maybe I'll get a 5 minute call at the end of the day. 

I can't have emotions. I can't feel things and she won't respond the way that I do. I want so badly to be loved the way that I love her, because I've never learned and I don't think I'll ever be capable of loving myself. I make jokes about it all the time but it's not something I can do. I can perform maintenance, keep the machine chugging til it breaks down again but I can never get better.

I bombed my quiz today. My mother is in India and I'm not on speaking terms with my father. My twin sister will never get it, my older sister spends too much time with her own boyfriend for me to want to talk to her. My friends all thing she's the perfect angel. Men don't have the circles to talk about relationship trouble the way women do. 

All I've eaten today up until ten minutes ago was The Gobbler and a half pack of Pocky. Half a tender now.

I can't be hurt that she barely talks to me when she's in tech and show. I know how busy it is but when I'm busy I still make the effort and I wish she would reciprocate. But the last time I felt like this she got super pissed at me and I ended up feeling shitty for mentioning it in the first place. I don't know how much longer I can go on like that.

There has to be a point where I reach apathy. I'm effectively single as is, what's it gonna take to make it official? I've given her everything she could want and still it won't be enough; I've been unhappy in this relationship for a really long time
