---
title: 
publish: "false"
---

> [!tip] Current Mood
> *I'm damned if I do and I'm damned if I don't
> 'Cuz if I say I miss you I know that you won't
> 
> To you I'm just a man, to me you're all I am,
> where the hell am I supposed to go?*
> 
> -Zach Bryan, *Something in the Orange*

I woke up this morning and my first thought wasn't of her. That's progress and I'm gonna treat it as such. I was able to study and function without immediately falling to pieces. Every song hits so much harder now. 

The search for meaning inherently provides meaning - that is to say, if you go looking for something, you'll find it, even if it was never there. The dead see what they want to see; so do the living. That's why every line of every song on the playlist I listen to when I'm sad means so much more now than it did before. I relate to the sadness because my experience right now is sadness

She texts me and it's like a drop of water to the man dying of thirst. It reminds him what being hydrated felt like before returning him to the state of dehydration. I don't know why she's doing this but I guess I just have to give her grace until the stupid show is over. I just hate that it runs into my mental state and because of that I'm incapable of doing work.

Why am I really upset? I texted my sister and she just said to talk to dad because I need to keep that relationship, and then she proceeded to tell me to go to therapy and various things that the parents are thinking. I'm frustrated because she's self-righteous and always thinks she knows best. She doesn't listen. I'm stacking and projecting. Fuck. 
