Hey <3,

First of all, I just wanted to congratulate you on successfully writing, executing and directing your own play! That's actually insane and I'm so proud of you for taking on something that you really believed in, and turning it into the magic of live theatre.

On another note, I've felt really off with us this past week and I know that you're particularly busy because of show and you're generally a busy person but I've never felt the ways that I do about us that I do now. My sister asked me how we were doing and all I could say was I don't know and I'm not sure if we're gonna be together in the long-term. Every time I think about what's gonna happen with us, I just think about how awkward things are right now, and if not being long-distance is going to change that. You mentioned that last Sunday - that we've been doing long-distance for so long that maybe we don't remember how to be in person together anymore, and that's why something always goes wrong whenever I come back home. I love you, I probably always will love you, and you'll always be the first girl I've ever given all of me too, but I can't do things halfway and I can't keep living in a purgatoric state of rehashing our bare minimums and being broken up in all but name only. I want to be with you and I'm willing to do long-distance, but you've expressed that you can't do long-distance and you don't believe that we know how to be together in-person anymore, so I don't know what the point is of this charade.

I'm not going to do anything - I'm gonna go home, and I'm gonna go into my 12 day reprieve from work fully expecting that our time together is going to be stilted, awkward, uncomfortable, and inevitably culminate in us breaking up. Then I'm gonna go to Santa Cruz, work effectively an 8-6 Monday-Friday, and I'm either going to drown in the seas of sorrow and struggle or I will get through this. But in either case, I don't think it's going to be with you as my girlfriend.

You've given me so many of the happiest memories of my life, and I will forever cherish and remember our time together. You helped me feel in color and three-dimensions again, and you showed me what it felt like to be unconditionally loved and valued. You're the most special girl in the world, and I hope that someone else out there recognizes that and can give you everything that I couldn't, and makes you as happy and whimsical and carefree as you were when we were at our best.

I'm going to miss you terribly and I'll probably miss you forever. You were my first everything, and I guess that just had to extend to being my first ex too.